The queen is the prince,
woke up. What? It’s the prince,
Don't you hear me now? You're like this,
Put your hands up with me. Can you stand up?
Now I can only press the button and the coffee will be dispensed.
What is Kai? Imperial physician,
What is that? Cheng doesn’t know,
Yes, external things,
Someone is here, hurry up and pull him down!
If you don't think about anything and something happens to you, don't be afraid.
You, pay attention,
Yes, it's okay,
It's okay, no,
Madam, it is not a poison at all.
But the Immortal is stuck, and now the Immortal is completely gone,
Why did you regain consciousness so quickly?
how do you know
To be honest, I was stopped by Xinren